Oh
hey guys what's up and welcome back to
skyrim lore now we're going to get more
towards the skyrim story sometime during
the 200th year of the fourth era the
high king of skyrim is assassinated by
an unknown individual not long after the
Nords of skyrim engaged in a civil war
the two sides being those who wish
scaring to be its own separate nation
and the loyalists of the Empire we think
it's best to remain in the Empire the
rebels are led by Ulfric Stormcloak
ruler of wind held his rebel soldiers
are called Stormcloaks loyalists are led
by the Emperor at but are most likely
commanded by General in Skyrim since I
do not know the stage with the Empire at
this point I can't really give much of
an opinion of those loyal or against the
Empire Skyrim begins with the player
being led to his or her execution which
is prevented by some occurrence later on
the player finds out that they are dokey
or Jagan point meaning that they have
the soul of a dragon this allows them to
absorb the souls of dragons allowing
them to interpret more of the Dragon
language which allows them to learn more
about Xiao powers while some may recall
that Martin said septum was called
dragon born in the oblivion game there
is no link between the septums and the
Dovahkiin of Skyrim this concludes our
timeline of events leading up to and
during Skyrim the Dovahkiin is destiny
now lies with defeating album the Nordic
version of baguette osh the eater of
worlds allowin is bent on bringing the
Elder Scrolls world as we know it to an
end and ushering in the next world will
this happen well we shall see
Oh